okay big piece like this on a great
minibike it's almost a lot look right
here next on fishing University
it's time for issue University with
Charlie Ingram if you want to learn how
to catch more fish and bigger fish in
your home waters Charlie can show you
how fishing university is brought to you
by minn kota trolling motors honda four
strokes berkley trilene America's
strongest bottom line electronics
Trojan batteries
hi sports fans i'm gern ingram and
welcome to fishing university today
we're with a Scott song and guy you've
got a basic Japanese made soft plastic
baked it looks around like a man if I
had a mustard sauce I think I could eat
the bike we're going to be efficient
here today is a whole shared by fish
better got natural looking eyes got
scales on is that you can actually see
and it feels like it's a lot those are
the biggest differences there are a lot
of things out there against the toes are
the biggest differences that I can
notice off the hands because you know
you go down the bank and you face behind
a bunch of other guys and all of a
sudden you know you've got to bait this
a little bit different a little bit
better a little more naturally looking
like a minute I think he's got to help
you catch more fish exactly exactly
exactly right because the thing is that
in Japan you know how the lake of really
oppression and they know that so any
kind of bait if it doesn't look real
enough you know they won't say what they
won't bite at it so we have to basically
design so close to a real fish and you
can't get closer than this you can see
it with there's you know trying to hold
it steady and can't convert
you know the tail starts wiggling that's
thing you know that's me the whole
natural action unbelievable got several
different color we're going to show you
three or four different ways to fish
this thing all I'm gonna be productive a
home if you better start raining faith
in will be ready to go with you in just
a second that pot coming out with that
water coming out of there will be some
face back in there if you can get it in
there too and I ain't gonna be easy like
let you demonstrate huh I'll see a big
what rocky rock
honestly that's not all
oh yeah look at this hey got it did me
got the whole thing clearly
you got that house is
we think about that one cool man
and looks like it's alive too oh yeah
debate debate you are still flopping
independent city said it flip it in my
hands here healing I mean ad like held
it ate it like no more that gamakatsu
sharp who really did a great job to you
lay this water that's running in here I
don't know what this is where its
assured this torch Pfeiffer what it is
but if you go to you if you find any
kind of discharge most of the time you
can see they're coming out of a sewer
pipe or a fresh water that's right after
a rain most of those things have a lot
of oxygen in them and they have a
tendency to be just fish magnets for
what tears help but the longer so long
that when I throw it in there they'll
keep on going to
oh crap
is that thing but I missed you mom I
miss you might ask what's the lion jump
there's several different ways fishes
home shed where we're fishing here now
it's just sort of like a an injured men
in other words of men others on his last
breath so to speak and this twisting it
along let it fall the bottom and push
them again it's a very